en/docs/yarn-lock.md, before:

---
id: docs_configuration_yarn_lock
guide: docs_configuration
layout: guide
---

In order to get consistent installs across machines, Yarn needs more information
than the dependencies you configure in your `package.json`. Yarn needs to store
exactly which versions of each dependency were installed.

To do this Yarn uses a `yarn.lock` file in the root of your project. These
"lockfiles" look like this:

```yaml
# THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE DIRECTLY.
# yarn lockfile v1
package-1@^1.0.0:
  version "1.0.3"
  resolved "https://registry.npmjs.org/package-1/-/package-1-1.0.3.tgz#a1b2c3d4e5f6g7h8i9j0k1l2m3n4o5p6q7r8s9t0"
package-2@^2.0.0:
  version "2.0.1"
  resolved "https://registry.npmjs.org/package-2/-/package-2-2.0.1.tgz#a1b2c3d4e5f6g7h8i9j0k1l2m3n4o5p6q7r8s9t0"
  dependencies:
    package-4 "^4.0.0"
package-3@^3.0.0:
  version "3.1.9"
  resolved "https://registry.npmjs.org/package-3/-/package-3-3.1.9.tgz#a1b2c3d4e5f6g7h8i9j0k1l2m3n4o5p6q7r8s9t0"
  dependencies:
    package-4 "^4.5.0"
package-4^@4.0.0, package-4@^4.5.0:
  version "4.6.3"
  resolved "https://registry.npmjs.org/package-4/-/package-4-2.6.3.tgz#a1b2c3d4e5f6g7h8i9j0k1l2m3n4o5p6q7r8s9t0"
```

This is comparable to lockfiles in other package managers like Bundler or
Cargo. It's similar to npm's `npm-shrinkwrap.json`, however it's not lossy and
it creates reproducible results.

### Managed by Yarn <a class="toc" id="toc-managed-by-yarn" href="#toc-managed-by-yarn"></a>

Your `yarn.lock` file is auto-generated and should be handled entirely by Yarn.
As you add/upgrade/remove dependencies with the Yarn CLI, it will automatically
update your `yarn.lock` file. Do not edit this file directly as it is easy to
break something.

### Check into source control <a class="toc" id="toc-check-into-source-control" href="#toc-check-into-source-control"></a>

All `yarn.lock` files should be checked into source control (e.g. git or
mercurial). This allows Yarn to install the same exact dependency tree across
all machines, whether it be your coworker's laptop or a CI server.

Commit message:

Clarify consideration of yarn.lock files of dependencies

en/docs/yarn-lock.md, after:

---
id: docs_configuration_yarn_lock
guide: docs_configuration
layout: guide
---

In order to get consistent installs across machines, Yarn needs more information
than the dependencies you configure in your `package.json`. Yarn needs to store
exactly which versions of each dependency were installed.

To do this Yarn uses a `yarn.lock` file in the root of your project. These
"lockfiles" look like this:

```yaml
# THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE DIRECTLY.
# yarn lockfile v1
package-1@^1.0.0:
  version "1.0.3"
  resolved "https://registry.npmjs.org/package-1/-/package-1-1.0.3.tgz#a1b2c3d4e5f6g7h8i9j0k1l2m3n4o5p6q7r8s9t0"
package-2@^2.0.0:
  version "2.0.1"
  resolved "https://registry.npmjs.org/package-2/-/package-2-2.0.1.tgz#a1b2c3d4e5f6g7h8i9j0k1l2m3n4o5p6q7r8s9t0"
  dependencies:
    package-4 "^4.0.0"
package-3@^3.0.0:
  version "3.1.9"
  resolved "https://registry.npmjs.org/package-3/-/package-3-3.1.9.tgz#a1b2c3d4e5f6g7h8i9j0k1l2m3n4o5p6q7r8s9t0"
  dependencies:
    package-4 "^4.5.0"
package-4^@4.0.0, package-4@^4.5.0:
  version "4.6.3"
  resolved "https://registry.npmjs.org/package-4/-/package-4-2.6.3.tgz#a1b2c3d4e5f6g7h8i9j0k1l2m3n4o5p6q7r8s9t0"
```

This is comparable to lockfiles in other package managers like Bundler or
Cargo. It's similar to npm's `npm-shrinkwrap.json`, however it's not lossy and
it creates reproducible results.

### Managed by Yarn <a class="toc" id="toc-managed-by-yarn" href="#toc-managed-by-yarn"></a>

Your `yarn.lock` file is auto-generated and should be handled entirely by Yarn.
As you add/upgrade/remove dependencies with the Yarn CLI, it will automatically
update your `yarn.lock` file. Do not edit this file directly as it is easy to
break something.

### Current package only <a class="toc" id="toc-current-package-only" href="#toc-current-package-only"></a>

During install Yarn will only use the top-level `yarn.lock` file and will ignore any `yarn.lock` files that exist within dependencies. The top-level `yarn.lock` file includes everything Yarn needs to lock the versions of all packages in the entire dependency tree.

### Check into source control <a class="toc" id="toc-check-into-source-control" href="#toc-check-into-source-control"></a>

All `yarn.lock` files should be checked into source control (e.g. git or
mercurial). This allows Yarn to install the same exact dependency tree across
all machines, whether it be your coworker's laptop or a CI server.
