lang/en/docs/package-json.md, before:

---
id: docs_configuration_package_json
guide: docs_configuration
layout: guide
---

{% include vars.html %}

## Essentials <a class="toc" id="toc-essentials" href="#toc-essentials"></a>

The two most important fields in your `package.json` are `name` and `version`,
without them your package won't be able to install. The `name` and `version`
fields are used together to create a unique id.

### `name` <a class="toc" id="toc-name" href="#toc-name"></a>

```json
{
  "name": "my-awesome-package"
}
```

This is the name of your package. It gets used in URLs, as an argument on the
command line, and as the directory name inside `node_modules`.

```sh
yarn add [name]
```

```
node_modules/[name]
```

```
https://registry.npmjs.org/[name]/-/[name]-[version].tgz
```

**Rules**

* Must be less than or equal to 214 characters (including the `@scope/` for
  scoped packages).
* Must not start with a dot (`.`) or an underscore (`_`).
* Must not have an uppercase letter in the name.
* Must use only URL-safe characters.

**Tips**

* Don't use the same name as a core Node.js module
* Don't put `js` or `node` in the name.
* Keep names short and descriptive. You want people to understand what it is
  from the name, but it will also be used in `require()` calls.
* Make sure that there isn't something in the
  [registry](https://www.npmjs.com/) with the same name.

### `version` <a class="toc" id="toc-version" href="#toc-version"></a>

```json
{
  "version": "1.0.0"
}
```

The current version of your package.

## Info <a class="toc" id="toc-info" href="#toc-info"></a>

### `description` <a class="toc" id="toc-description" href="#toc-description"></a>

```json
{
  "description": "My short description of my awesome package"
}
```

The description is just a string that helps people understand the purpose of the package. It can be used when searching for packages in a package manager as well.

### `keywords` <a class="toc" id="toc-keywords" href="#toc-keywords"></a>

```json
{
  "keywords": ["short", "relevant", "keywords", "for", "searching"]
}
```

Keywords are an array of strings that are useful when searching for packages in a package manager.

### `license` <a class="toc" id="toc-license" href="#toc-license"></a>

```json
{
  "license": "MIT",
  "license": "(MIT or GPL-3.0)",
  "license": "SEE LICENSE IN LICENSE_FILENAME.txt",
  "license": "UNLICENSED"
}
```

All packages should specify a license so that users know how they are permitted
to use it and any restrictions that you are placing on it.

You are encouraged to use an Open Source
([OSI-approved](https://opensource.org/licenses/alphabetical)) license unless
you have a specific reason not to. If you built your package as part of your
job it's likely best to check with your company before deciding on a license.

**Must be one of the following:**

* A valid [SPDX license identifier](https://spdx.org/licenses/) if you are
  using a standard license.
* A valid
  [SPDX license expression syntax 2.0 expression](https://www.npmjs.com/package/spdx)
  if you are using multiple standard licenses.
* A `SEE LICENSE IN <filename>` string that points to a `<filename>` in the top
  level of your package if you are using a non-standard license.
* A `UNLICENSED` string if you do not want to grant others the right to use a
  private or unpublished package under any terms.

## Links <a class="toc" id="toc-links" href="#toc-links"></a>

Various links to documentation, places to file issues and where your package code actually lives.

### `homepage` <a class="toc" id="toc-homepage" href="#toc-homepage"></a>

```json
{
  "homepage": "https://your-package.org"
}
```

The homepage is the URL to the landing page or documentation for your package.

### `bugs` <a class="toc" id="toc-bugs" href="#toc-bugs"></a>

```json
{
  "bugs": "https://github.com/user/repo/issues"
}
```

The URL to your project's issue tracker. This can also be something like an email address as well. It provides users a way to find out where to send issues with your package.

### `repository` <a class="toc" id="toc-repository" href="#toc-repository"></a>

```json
{
  "repository": { "type": "git", "url": "https://github.com/user/repo.git" },
  "repository": "github:user/repo",
  "repository": "gitlab:user/repo",
  "repository": "bitbucket:user/repo",
  "repository": "gist:a1b2c3d4e5f"
}
```

The repository is the location where the actual code for your package lives.

## Maintainers <a class="toc" id="toc-maintainers" href="#toc-maintainers"></a>

The maintainers of your project.

### `author` <a class="toc" id="toc-author" href="#toc-author"></a>

```json
{
  "author": {
    "name": "Your Name",
    "email": "you@example.com",
    "url": "http://your-website.com"
  },
  "author": "Your Name <you@example.com> (http://your-website.com)"
}
```

Package author information. An author is one person.

### `contributors` <a class="toc" id="toc-contributors" href="#toc-contributors"></a>

```json
{
  "contributors": [
    { "name": "Your Friend", "email": "friend@example.com", "url": "http://friends-website.com" }
    { "name": "Other Friend", "email": "other@example.com", "url": "http://other-website.com" }
  ],
  "contributors": [
    "Your Friend <friend@example.com> (http://friends-website.com)",
    "Other Friend <other@example.com> (http://other-website.com)"
  ]
}
```

Those that have contributed to your package. Contributors are an array of people.

## Files <a class="toc" id="toc-files" href="#toc-files"></a>

You can specify files that will be included in your project, along with the main entry point for your project.

### `files` <a class="toc" id="toc-files" href="#toc-files"></a>

```json
{
  "files": ["filename.js", "directory/", "glob/*.{js,json}"]
}
```

These are files that are included in your project. You can specify single files, whole directories or use wildcards to include files that meet a certain criteria.

### `main` <a class="toc" id="toc-main" href="#toc-main"></a>

```json
{
  "main": "filename.js"
}
```

This is the primary entry point for the functionality for your project.

### `bin` <a class="toc" id="toc-bin" href="#toc-bin"></a>

```json
{
  "bin": "bin.js",
  "bin": {
    "command-name": "bin/command-name.js",
    "other-command": "bin/other-command"
  }
}
```

Executable files included with your project that will be installed.

### `man` <a class="toc" id="toc-man" href="#toc-man"></a>

```json
{
  "man": "./man/doc.1",
  "man": ["./man/doc.1", "./man/doc.2"]
}
```

If you have man pages associated with your project, add them here.

### `directories` <a class="toc" id="toc-directories" href="#toc-directories"></a>

```json
{
  "directories": {
    "lib": "path/to/lib/",
    "bin": "path/to/bin/",
    "man": "path/to/man/",
    "doc": "path/to/doc/",
    "example": "path/to/example/"
  }
}
```

When installing your package, you can specify exact locations to put binary files, man pages, documentation, examples, etc.

## Tasks <a class="toc" id="toc-tasks" href="#toc-tasks"></a>

Your package can include runnable scripts or other configuration.

### `scripts` <a class="toc" id="toc-scripts" href="#toc-scripts"></a>

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "build-project": "node build-project.js"
  }
}
```

Scripts are a great way of automating tasks related to your package, such as simple build processes or development tools. Using the `"scripts"` field, you can define various scripts to be run as `yarn run <script>`. For example, the `build-project` script above can be invoked with `yarn run build-project` and will run `node build-project.js`.

Certain script names are special. If defined, the `preinstall` script is called by yarn before your package is installed. For compatibility reasons, scripts called `install`, `postinstall`, and `prepublish` will all be called after your package has finished installing.

The `start` script value defaults to `node server.js`.

### `config` <a class="toc" id="toc-config" href="#toc-config"></a>

```json
{
  "config": {
    "port": "8080"
  }
}
```

Configuration options or parameters used in your scripts.

## Dependencies <a class="toc" id="toc-dependencies" href="#toc-dependencies"></a>

Your package will very likely depend on other packages. You can specify those dependencies in your `package.json` file.

### `dependencies` <a class="toc" id="toc-dependencies" href="#toc-dependencies"></a>

```json
{
  "dependencies": {
    "package-1": "^3.1.4"
  }
}
```

These are dependencies that are required in both development and production for your package.

> You can specify an exact version, a minimum version (e.g., `>=`) or a range of versions (e.g. `>= ... <`).

### `devDependencies` <a class="toc" id="toc-devdependencies" href="#toc-devdependencies"></a>

```json
{
  "devDependencies": {
    "package-2": "^0.4.2"
  }
}
```

These are packages that are only required when developing your package but will not be installed in production.

### `peerDependencies` <a class="toc" id="toc-peerdependencies" href="#toc-peerdependencies"></a>

```json
{
  "peerDependencies": {
    "package-3": "^2.7.18"
  }
}
```

Peer dependencies allow you to state compatibility of your package with versions of other packages.

### `optionalDependencies` <a class="toc" id="toc-optionaldependencies" href="#toc-optionaldependencies"></a>

```json
{
  "optionalDependencies": {
    "package-5": "^1.6.1"
  }
}
```

Optional dependencies can be used with your package, but are not required. If the optional package is not found, installation still continues.

### `bundledDependencies` <a class="toc" id="toc-bundleddependencies" href="#toc-bundleddependencies"></a>

```json
{
  "bundledDependencies": ["package-4"]
}
```

Bundled dependencies are an array of package names that will be bundled together when publishing your package.

### `flat` <a class="toc" id="toc-flat" href="#toc-flat"></a>

```json
{
  "flat": true
}
```

If your package only allows one version of a given dependency, and you'd like to enforce the same behavior as [`yarn install --flat`]({{url_base}}/docs/cli/install#toc-yarn-install-flat) on the command line, set this to `true`.

Note that if your `package.json` contains `"flat": true` and other packages depend on yours (e.g. you are building a library rather than an application), those other packages will also need `"flat": true` in their `package.json` or be installed with `yarn install --flat` on the command line.

### `resolutions` <a class="toc" id="toc-resolutions" href="#toc-resolutions"></a>

```json
{
  "resolutions": {
    "transitive-package-1": "0.0.29",
    "transitive-package-2": "file:./local-forks/transitive-package-2",
    "dependencies-package-1/transitive-package-3": "^2.1.1"
  }
}
```

Allows you to override a version of a particular nested dependency. See [the Selective Versions Resolutions RFC](https://github.com/yarnpkg/rfcs/blob/master/implemented/0000-selective-versions-resolutions.md) for the full spec.

Note that installing dependencies via [`yarn install --flat`] will automatically add a `resolutions` block to your `package.json` file.

## System <a class="toc" id="toc-system" href="#toc-system"></a>

You can provide system-level information associated with your package, such as operating system compatibility, etc.

### `engines` <a class="toc" id="toc-engines" href="#toc-engines"></a>

```json
{
  "engines": {
    "node": ">=4.4.7 <7.0.0",
    "zlib": "^1.2.8",
    "yarn": "^0.14.0"
  }
}
```

The engines specify versions of clients that must be used with your package. This checks against `process.versions` as well as the current version of yarn.

### `os` <a class="toc" id="toc-os" href="#toc-os"></a>

```json
{
  "os": ["darwin", "linux"],
  "os": ["!win32"]
}
```

This specifies operating system compatibility for your package. It checks against `process.platform`.

### `cpu` <a class="toc" id="toc-cpu" href="#toc-cpu"></a>

```json
{
  "cpu": ["x64", "ia32"],
  "cpu": ["!arm", "!mips"]
}
```

Use this to specify your package will only run on certain CPU architectures. This checks against `process.arch`.

## Publishing <a class="toc" id="toc-publishing" href="#toc-publishing"></a>

### `private` <a class="toc" id="toc-private" href="#toc-private"></a>

```json
{
  "private": true
}
```

If you do not want your package published in a package manager, set this to `true`.

### `publishConfig` <a class="toc" id="toc-publishconfig" href="#toc-publishconfig"></a>

```json
{
  "publishConfig": {
    ...
  }
}
```

These configuration values will be used when publishing your package. You can tag your package, for example.

Commit message:

Document semver exception (#779)
Explain the semver exception introduced in https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn/pull/5352

lang/en/docs/package-json.md, after:

---
id: docs_configuration_package_json
guide: docs_configuration
layout: guide
---

{% include vars.html %}

## Essentials <a class="toc" id="toc-essentials" href="#toc-essentials"></a>

The two most important fields in your `package.json` are `name` and `version`,
without them your package won't be able to install. The `name` and `version`
fields are used together to create a unique id.

### `name` <a class="toc" id="toc-name" href="#toc-name"></a>

```json
{
  "name": "my-awesome-package"
}
```

This is the name of your package. It gets used in URLs, as an argument on the
command line, and as the directory name inside `node_modules`.

```sh
yarn add [name]
```

```
node_modules/[name]
```

```
https://registry.npmjs.org/[name]/-/[name]-[version].tgz
```

**Rules**

* Must be less than or equal to 214 characters (including the `@scope/` for
  scoped packages).
* Must not start with a dot (`.`) or an underscore (`_`).
* Must not have an uppercase letter in the name.
* Must use only URL-safe characters.

**Tips**

* Don't use the same name as a core Node.js module
* Don't put `js` or `node` in the name.
* Keep names short and descriptive. You want people to understand what it is
  from the name, but it will also be used in `require()` calls.
* Make sure that there isn't something in the
  [registry](https://www.npmjs.com/) with the same name.

### `version` <a class="toc" id="toc-version" href="#toc-version"></a>

```json
{
  "version": "1.0.0"
}
```

The current version of your package.

## Info <a class="toc" id="toc-info" href="#toc-info"></a>

### `description` <a class="toc" id="toc-description" href="#toc-description"></a>

```json
{
  "description": "My short description of my awesome package"
}
```

The description is just a string that helps people understand the purpose of the package. It can be used when searching for packages in a package manager as well.

### `keywords` <a class="toc" id="toc-keywords" href="#toc-keywords"></a>

```json
{
  "keywords": ["short", "relevant", "keywords", "for", "searching"]
}
```

Keywords are an array of strings that are useful when searching for packages in a package manager.

### `license` <a class="toc" id="toc-license" href="#toc-license"></a>

```json
{
  "license": "MIT",
  "license": "(MIT or GPL-3.0)",
  "license": "SEE LICENSE IN LICENSE_FILENAME.txt",
  "license": "UNLICENSED"
}
```

All packages should specify a license so that users know how they are permitted
to use it and any restrictions that you are placing on it.

You are encouraged to use an Open Source
([OSI-approved](https://opensource.org/licenses/alphabetical)) license unless
you have a specific reason not to. If you built your package as part of your
job it's likely best to check with your company before deciding on a license.

**Must be one of the following:**

* A valid [SPDX license identifier](https://spdx.org/licenses/) if you are
  using a standard license.
* A valid
  [SPDX license expression syntax 2.0 expression](https://www.npmjs.com/package/spdx)
  if you are using multiple standard licenses.
* A `SEE LICENSE IN <filename>` string that points to a `<filename>` in the top
  level of your package if you are using a non-standard license.
* A `UNLICENSED` string if you do not want to grant others the right to use a
  private or unpublished package under any terms.

## Links <a class="toc" id="toc-links" href="#toc-links"></a>

Various links to documentation, places to file issues and where your package code actually lives.

### `homepage` <a class="toc" id="toc-homepage" href="#toc-homepage"></a>

```json
{
  "homepage": "https://your-package.org"
}
```

The homepage is the URL to the landing page or documentation for your package.

### `bugs` <a class="toc" id="toc-bugs" href="#toc-bugs"></a>

```json
{
  "bugs": "https://github.com/user/repo/issues"
}
```

The URL to your project's issue tracker. This can also be something like an email address as well. It provides users a way to find out where to send issues with your package.

### `repository` <a class="toc" id="toc-repository" href="#toc-repository"></a>

```json
{
  "repository": { "type": "git", "url": "https://github.com/user/repo.git" },
  "repository": "github:user/repo",
  "repository": "gitlab:user/repo",
  "repository": "bitbucket:user/repo",
  "repository": "gist:a1b2c3d4e5f"
}
```

The repository is the location where the actual code for your package lives.

## Maintainers <a class="toc" id="toc-maintainers" href="#toc-maintainers"></a>

The maintainers of your project.

### `author` <a class="toc" id="toc-author" href="#toc-author"></a>

```json
{
  "author": {
    "name": "Your Name",
    "email": "you@example.com",
    "url": "http://your-website.com"
  },
  "author": "Your Name <you@example.com> (http://your-website.com)"
}
```

Package author information. An author is one person.

### `contributors` <a class="toc" id="toc-contributors" href="#toc-contributors"></a>

```json
{
  "contributors": [
    { "name": "Your Friend", "email": "friend@example.com", "url": "http://friends-website.com" }
    { "name": "Other Friend", "email": "other@example.com", "url": "http://other-website.com" }
  ],
  "contributors": [
    "Your Friend <friend@example.com> (http://friends-website.com)",
    "Other Friend <other@example.com> (http://other-website.com)"
  ]
}
```

Those that have contributed to your package. Contributors are an array of people.

## Files <a class="toc" id="toc-files" href="#toc-files"></a>

You can specify files that will be included in your project, along with the main entry point for your project.

### `files` <a class="toc" id="toc-files" href="#toc-files"></a>

```json
{
  "files": ["filename.js", "directory/", "glob/*.{js,json}"]
}
```

These are files that are included in your project. You can specify single files, whole directories or use wildcards to include files that meet a certain criteria.

### `main` <a class="toc" id="toc-main" href="#toc-main"></a>

```json
{
  "main": "filename.js"
}
```

This is the primary entry point for the functionality for your project.

### `bin` <a class="toc" id="toc-bin" href="#toc-bin"></a>

```json
{
  "bin": "bin.js",
  "bin": {
    "command-name": "bin/command-name.js",
    "other-command": "bin/other-command"
  }
}
```

Executable files included with your project that will be installed.

### `man` <a class="toc" id="toc-man" href="#toc-man"></a>

```json
{
  "man": "./man/doc.1",
  "man": ["./man/doc.1", "./man/doc.2"]
}
```

If you have man pages associated with your project, add them here.

### `directories` <a class="toc" id="toc-directories" href="#toc-directories"></a>

```json
{
  "directories": {
    "lib": "path/to/lib/",
    "bin": "path/to/bin/",
    "man": "path/to/man/",
    "doc": "path/to/doc/",
    "example": "path/to/example/"
  }
}
```

When installing your package, you can specify exact locations to put binary files, man pages, documentation, examples, etc.

## Tasks <a class="toc" id="toc-tasks" href="#toc-tasks"></a>

Your package can include runnable scripts or other configuration.

### `scripts` <a class="toc" id="toc-scripts" href="#toc-scripts"></a>

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "build-project": "node build-project.js"
  }
}
```

Scripts are a great way of automating tasks related to your package, such as simple build processes or development tools. Using the `"scripts"` field, you can define various scripts to be run as `yarn run <script>`. For example, the `build-project` script above can be invoked with `yarn run build-project` and will run `node build-project.js`.

Certain script names are special. If defined, the `preinstall` script is called by yarn before your package is installed. For compatibility reasons, scripts called `install`, `postinstall`, and `prepublish` will all be called after your package has finished installing.

The `start` script value defaults to `node server.js`.

### `config` <a class="toc" id="toc-config" href="#toc-config"></a>

```json
{
  "config": {
    "port": "8080"
  }
}
```

Configuration options or parameters used in your scripts.

## Dependencies <a class="toc" id="toc-dependencies" href="#toc-dependencies"></a>

Your package will very likely depend on other packages. You can specify those dependencies in your `package.json` file.

### `dependencies` <a class="toc" id="toc-dependencies" href="#toc-dependencies"></a>

```json
{
  "dependencies": {
    "package-1": "^3.1.4"
  }
}
```

These are dependencies that are required in both development and production for your package.

> You can specify an exact version, a minimum version (e.g., `>=`) or a range of versions (e.g. `>= ... <`).

### `devDependencies` <a class="toc" id="toc-devdependencies" href="#toc-devdependencies"></a>

```json
{
  "devDependencies": {
    "package-2": "^0.4.2"
  }
}
```

These are packages that are only required when developing your package but will not be installed in production.

### `peerDependencies` <a class="toc" id="toc-peerdependencies" href="#toc-peerdependencies"></a>

```json
{
  "peerDependencies": {
    "package-3": "^2.7.18"
  }
}
```

Peer dependencies allow you to state compatibility of your package with versions of other packages.

### `optionalDependencies` <a class="toc" id="toc-optionaldependencies" href="#toc-optionaldependencies"></a>

```json
{
  "optionalDependencies": {
    "package-5": "^1.6.1"
  }
}
```

Optional dependencies can be used with your package, but are not required. If the optional package is not found, installation still continues.

### `bundledDependencies` <a class="toc" id="toc-bundleddependencies" href="#toc-bundleddependencies"></a>

```json
{
  "bundledDependencies": ["package-4"]
}
```

Bundled dependencies are an array of package names that will be bundled together when publishing your package.

### `flat` <a class="toc" id="toc-flat" href="#toc-flat"></a>

```json
{
  "flat": true
}
```

If your package only allows one version of a given dependency, and you'd like to enforce the same behavior as [`yarn install --flat`]({{url_base}}/docs/cli/install#toc-yarn-install-flat) on the command line, set this to `true`.

Note that if your `package.json` contains `"flat": true` and other packages depend on yours (e.g. you are building a library rather than an application), those other packages will also need `"flat": true` in their `package.json` or be installed with `yarn install --flat` on the command line.

### `resolutions` <a class="toc" id="toc-resolutions" href="#toc-resolutions"></a>

```json
{
  "resolutions": {
    "transitive-package-1": "0.0.29",
    "transitive-package-2": "file:./local-forks/transitive-package-2",
    "dependencies-package-1/transitive-package-3": "^2.1.1"
  }
}
```

Allows you to override a version of a particular nested dependency. See [the Selective Versions Resolutions RFC](https://github.com/yarnpkg/rfcs/blob/master/implemented/0000-selective-versions-resolutions.md) for the full spec.

Note that installing dependencies via [`yarn install --flat`] will automatically add a `resolutions` block to your `package.json` file.

## System <a class="toc" id="toc-system" href="#toc-system"></a>

You can provide system-level information associated with your package, such as operating system compatibility, etc.

### `engines` <a class="toc" id="toc-engines" href="#toc-engines"></a>

```json
{
  "engines": {
    "node": ">=4.4.7 <7.0.0",
    "zlib": "^1.2.8",
    "yarn": "^0.14.0"
  }
}
```

The engines specify versions of clients that must be used with your package. This checks against `process.versions` as well as the current version of yarn. 

This check follows normal semver rules with one exception. It allows prerelease versions to match semvers that do not explicitly specify a prerelease. For example, `1.4.0-rc.0` matches `>=1.3.0`, while it would not match a typical semver check.

### `os` <a class="toc" id="toc-os" href="#toc-os"></a>

```json
{
  "os": ["darwin", "linux"],
  "os": ["!win32"]
}
```

This specifies operating system compatibility for your package. It checks against `process.platform`.

### `cpu` <a class="toc" id="toc-cpu" href="#toc-cpu"></a>

```json
{
  "cpu": ["x64", "ia32"],
  "cpu": ["!arm", "!mips"]
}
```

Use this to specify your package will only run on certain CPU architectures. This checks against `process.arch`.

## Publishing <a class="toc" id="toc-publishing" href="#toc-publishing"></a>

### `private` <a class="toc" id="toc-private" href="#toc-private"></a>

```json
{
  "private": true
}
```

If you do not want your package published in a package manager, set this to `true`.

### `publishConfig` <a class="toc" id="toc-publishconfig" href="#toc-publishconfig"></a>

```json
{
  "publishConfig": {
    ...
  }
}
```

These configuration values will be used when publishing your package. You can tag your package, for example.
